feat: Add extending warp route page (#195)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/guides/extending-warp-route.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import PrerequisitesPartial from '/docs/partials/warp-routes/_prerequisites-config-symbol.mdx'
import WarpReadSymbolChainPartial from '/docs/partials/warp-routes/commands/_warp-read-symbol-chain.mdx'
import WarpApplySymbolConfigDefaultPartial from '/docs/partials/warp-routes/commands/_warp-apply-symbol-config-default.mdx'
import WarpApplySymbolConfigDefaultStrategyPartial from '/docs/partials/warp-routes/commands/_warp-apply-symbol-config-default-strategy.mdx'
import WarpReadSymbolSelectPartial from '/docs/partials/warp-routes/_warp-read-symbol-selection.mdx'

# How to extend an existing Warp Route

# Using the Hyperlane CLI

> After deploying your warp route, you may want to extend it to a new chain. This happens in 2 steps: new contract get deployed to the new chain, and all existing routers get enrolled with the new one.

Reviewer: typo 'new contract get'

You can extend an existing warp route using the [Hyperlane CLI](https://docs.hyperlane.xyz/docs/reference/cli).
<PrerequisitesPartial />
:::warning

> Gnosis Safe Users: The private key that owns the warp route must either be a Safe signer or [delegate](https://docs.safe.global/core-api/transaction-service-guides/delegates) to be able to propose update transactions.

Reviewer 2: Would EOA be a better description than private key?

Author: Hm maybe

I don't feel strongly about either and as you can see I use it interchangeably. I could pick one to be consistent if there's not strong opinions about it

Reviewer 2: It's a personal preference but I think EOA is more appropriate!

> Gnosis Safe Users: The private key that owns the warp route must either be a Safe signer or [delegate](https://docs.safe.global/core-api/transaction-service-guides/delegates) to be able to propose update transactions.

Reviewer: Is this warning unique to extending warp routes or for all safe-based CLI txs?

Author: Right now this only applies to extending warp routes. In the future, i expect it to apply to others

:::

> If you already have the warp config, skip to **Step 1**.

Reviewer: Maybe link Step 1

To generate the warp route config using the Hyperlane CLI, locate your token symbol on the chain on which it is deployed:

<WarpReadSymbolChainPartial />

<WarpReadSymbolSelectPartial />

You can then choose the warp route to extend.

> After running `hyperlane warp read`, you should see a similar config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running `hyperlane warp read`, the CLI will display a config similar to the following
```

Author: Fixed

<WarpReadSymbolChainPartial />

After running `warp read`, confirm that the warp route has been extended:
```yaml {23-34} 
basesepolia:
  mailbox: "0x6966b0E55883d49BFB24539356a2f8A673E02039"
  owner: "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266"
  name: "Ether"
  symbol: "ETH"
  decimals: 18
  totalSupply: 0
  remoteRouters:
    "17000": "0x9B18AfD7aB869C6B011F44638ff71786447B785B"
    "11155111": "0x4e63147e72d029Eb8b37F375B3837B2644622686"
  type: native
sepolia:
  mailbox: "0xfFAEF09B3cd11D9b20d1a19bECca54EEC2884766"
  owner: "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266"
  name: "Ether"
  symbol: "ETH"
  decimals: 18
  totalSupply: "0"
  remoteRouters:
    "17000": "0x9B18AfD7aB869C6B011F44638ff71786447B785B"
    "84532": "0xB38cc797Ccc6D8763439a07CEa052AF253281de6"
  type: "synthetic"
holesky:
  mailbox: "0x46f7C5D896bbeC89bE1B19e4485e59b4Be49e9Cc"
  owner: "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266"
  name: "Ether"
  symbol: "ETH"
  decimals: 18
  totalSupply: "0"
  remoteRouters:
    "84532": "0xB38cc797Ccc6D8763439a07CEa052AF253281de6"
    "11155111": "0x4e63147e72d029Eb8b37F375B3837B2644622686"
  type: "synthetic"
```

> By completing these steps, you've successfully extended your Warp Route to a new chain.

Reviewer: You can cut this line, doesn't add anything :)
